Changelog for v0.25.0 release of Qcodes (#2956)
QCoDeS/Qcodes: docs/changes/0.25.0.rst

> Changelog for QCoDeS 0.24.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Changelog for QCoDeS 0.25.0
```

- `get_data_by_id` no longer returns data for standalone parameters
  if there are no dependent parameters in the dataset. For the same reason
  `plot_by_id` and `plot_dataset` will no longer plot these standalone
  parameters. (#2918)
- `xarray` exported data no longer exports extra metadata columns under the
  `extra_metadata` tag since the extra dictionary level prevents exporting to
  `netcdf` (#2934)

------------
Deprecation:
------------

- `get_data_by_id` and `get_shaped_data_by_runid` are now deprecated. These
  functions now all have better alternatives in the build in `get_parameter_data` as well as `Xarray`
  and `Pandas` exporters. (#2921, #2925)

----
New:
----

- SP983c Basel IV amplifier remote control driver (#2707)
- Add support for Keysight 34411A (#2927)
- Added the functionality of getting guids from multiple run ids and directly
  from database (#2930)
- NumpyJSONEncoder: Add support for the uncertanties' UFloat type (#2933)
- Add conversion between qcodes legacy DataSet and xarray format (#2938)

---------
Improved:
---------

> - plot_dataset avoid loading from db if in cache (#2918)

Reviewer 2: @jenshnielsen could you help with a user-friendly formulation of this?
```suggestion
- plot_dataset: improve performance by avoiding loading data from the database
  if the data is already in dataset's cache (#2918)
```

Reviewer: Perhaps:

```plot_dataset: Improved performance by using in memory cache when possible to avoid reloading data from disk```

Reviewer 2: agree! :)

Author: updated :)

- contribution guidelines: remove no longer relevant sections and make the
  sections on naming somewhat less strict (#2937)
- remove double assignment of dataset variable in example notebook
  of Performing-measurements-using-qcodes-parameters-and-dataset (#2926)
- Update old driver notebooks (Agilent 34400A) docs (#2377)
- Update link from NI VISA to Keysight IO Libraries Suite on 'Getting Started'
  Doc (#2948)
- Removed ZI UHFLI notebook (#2893)

-----------------
Improved drivers:
-----------------

- Significant performance improvement in Tektronix5014 driver (#2910)
- AMI430 3D driver: allow instantiating from names of existing AMI430
  instances, next to from AMI430 instances only  driver (#2949)
- AMI430 3D driver: add docstring, extra test for initializing from AMI430 by
  name  driver (#2951)

> 

Reviewer 2: https://github.com/QCoDeS/Qcodes/pull/2894 is missing (please don't use the original PR title ;) )

Author: added with a small description :)
